IMPORTANT INFORMATION


Modes of Settlement of Operational Expenses 
Exceptional Modes to face exceptional circumstances

(20 Complimentary Invitations offered upon payment)

A-	One Single Cash Payment by 15 December 2019: 
(with discounts, 15 Off-Peak Invitations & Gifts). 
•	In LBP: 2% discount.
•	In USD: 8% discount.

B-	Two Equal Cash Payments:
(with 4% discount on USD payments, 10 Off-Peak Invitations & Gifts).
•	Half by 31 December 2019.
•	Half by 29 February 2020.

Exchange Rate 
The Club applies the official exchange rate of the LBP to the USD.

Why Cash?
Capital controls implemented by Lebanese banks have severely limited the amount of cash which can be withdrawn and seriously reduced the acceptability of cheques and credit cards.
These controls did not take into account the considerable cash needs of companies as opposed to individuals, but have set similar withdrawal limits 
to both.
It is easier for individuals to withdraw a small amount of cash for their needs, than it is for establishments, like Alyarz, to draw the large amounts needed for their operations.
With most of its expenditure in USD, Alyarz continues to adopt the official exchange rate whereas the real rate is considerably higher.

In case of a rise of the USD during 2020
Since what is paid today in Lebanese pounds, is spent over the coming year, a continuous & significant rise in the official and / or real exchange rate of the US dollar during 2020, will negatively affect the liquidity of the company and, may cause it, in order to maintain the level of services offered, to ask its Members to make up for any negative cashflow. 
 
Non-Resident Members Discount
This discount requires yearly presentation, before 31 December, of documents supporting overseas residency of 9 months or more per year, including passport General Security stamps (exit & entry). 

Changes in Family Status
These must be communicated, along with supporting documents, 
by 31 December 2019.

Fourth Child
Families are only charged for the three eldest children.

Required Documents
PASSPORT PHOTOS: These must be less than 6 months old.
ORIGINAL FAMILY JUDICIARY EXTRACT: This must be less than 12 months old. 
CAR PAPERS:  recto verso copies.

Green Steps
No self-adhesive vignettes. 
No paper invitation booklets. 
No plastic membership cards.

Alyarz Mobile App 
Our bespoke Mobile App is the principal tool Alyarz Management has chosen 
to communicate with Members. Downloading it is essential.
Please click one of the following links:

Android:  https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.weformedia.alyarz
IOS:
https://apps.apple.com/us/app/alyarz-leisure-club/id1455983839

In short, this is what the App is and does 
to enhance your Club experience; 

o	A digital Membership Card.
o	An Invitation Counter. 
o	A personal record of the names of your Guests.
o	A tool for our planned surprise gifts. 
o	A way to inform you of last-minute class changes, disruptions 
and out of order facilities.
o	Informs you of changes to Club opening hours.
o	A discreet way to receive our SMS messages.
o	Allows you to easily update photos, car papers & contact information.
o	A suggestion box.
o	A place to announce lost and found belongings.
o	A convenient way to place your PTs.
o	A tool to settle your financial dues.

Notes:
-Reception staff are qualified to help you use Alyarz App. 
-Some App features may not be initially operational.

24 Hours
Within 24 hours of settling your operational expenses 
and presenting the required documents,
YOUR DIGITAL CARDS AND COMPLIMENTARY INVITATIONS 
will be transferred to your personal profile on Alyarz Mobile App.
FINGERPRINT ACCESS will be activated.


Validity of Complimentary Invitations
These are valid up to 31 January 2021,
And have the following limitations: 
Standard Invitations: 
These are NOT valid on Fridays, Saturdays, Sundays AND public holidays 
during June and July 2020.
Off-Peak Invitations (offered upon payment as per above):
Between 16 May and 31 August, inclusive, these are only valid from 5:30 pm.

Car Park Access
A PLATE NUMBER READER will automatically open the gate for Members who have registered their vehicles and paid their fees. 
Other cars, if allowed into the parking, will pay the applicable fee.

Guests
Members must be present upon their Guests’ access and during their whole stay at the Club. Children aged three and above will pay a fee.


