IMPORTANT INFORMATION


A - Yearly Operational Expenses
Electronic Platform
Operational Expenses are based on the e-Platform dollar rate, as adopted by the Lebanese central bank for bank withdrawals in US dollars. This rate is currently
LBP 3,900 to the US dollar.

Payment Methods and Discounts

1-In Lebanese Pounds:

One LBP Cash Payment by 15 January 2021
LBP 900 will be deducted from the current e-platform dollar rate of 3900 LBP. 
The current dollar rate adopted by the club is therefore LBP 3000. 
This rate will change according to the e-platform rate.
Two Equal LBP Cash Payments
•	First payment by 15 January 2021
•	Second payment by 30 April 2021
These will be calculated at the full e-platform rate at the date of payment.
(This rate is currently LBP 3,900). 
Payment by LBP Cheque
We apologize for not accepting payment of operational expenses by cheque for the following reasons:
•	The current cash economy means companies need cash to settle much of their dues. 
•	Retention, by the bank, of cheque amounts deposited in company accounts 
(companies and individuals are allowed the same cash withdrawal limits).
•	Cashing cheques on the black market entails the deduction of a sizeable portion of their value. 

2- Cash in US dollars
A dynamic discount, subject to the USD market rate at date of settlement, will apply. 

3- Non-Commitment:
Non-commitment to one of the modes of payment above, will cause your membership 
to be deactivated and Club access to be denied. 

Planning for financial uncertainty 
The operational expenses you pay now are designated to cover the whole of 2021.
Club supplies, as well as part of our foreign employees’ salaries, are paid in fresh US dollars, or in Lebanese Pounds, at the black-market rate.
Sharp financial pressures, as would result from the lifting of subsidies on diesel fuel, from a near-permanent power outage, or from a sharp increase in the price of the US dollar on the black market, may compel the club to take appropriate austerity measures.

B- Non-Resident Members’ Discount
This discount requires yearly presentation, before 31 December 2020, of documents supporting overseas residency of 9 months or more per year, including General Security passport stamps (exit & entry). 

C- Changes in Family Status
Changes in family status, like marriage, divorce, death, or birth, must be communicated to the club along with supporting documents, by 31 December 2020.

D- Fourth Child
The fourth single child and above, are not subject to operational expenses. 

E- Children under 5 years of age
Members’ children below 5 are not subject to operational expenses.

F- Required Documents
PASSPORT PHOTOS not older than 6 months.
ORIGINAL FAMILY JUDICIARY EXTRACT not older than 12 months. 

G- Invitation Cards
2020 invitation cards are no longer valid. 
Upon settlement of 2021 fees and presentation of required documents, 
the Club will issue 20 complimentary invitations per fully-paid Membership.
Invitations, however, will be subject to coronavirus developments, and to the mechanism adopted by Management at the time. 

H- Alyarz Mobile App 
Our bespoke Mobile App is the principal tool Alyarz Management has chosen 
to communicate with Members. Downloading it is essential.
Please click one of the following links:

Android:  https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.weformedia.alyarz
IOS:
https://apps.apple.com/us/app/alyarz-leisure-club/id1455983839

In short, this is what the App is and does 
to enhance your Club experience; 

o	A digital Membership Card.
o	A complimentary invitation Counter. 
o	A personal record of the names of your Guests.
o	A tool for surprise gifts you may win with us. 
o	A way to inform you of last-minute class changes, disruptions 
and out of order facilities.
o	Informs you promptly of changes to Club opening hours.
o	A discreet way to replace our SMS messages.
o	Allows you to easily update photos, car papers & contact information.
o	A box for your suggestions.
o	A convenient way to place your PTs.
o	A place to announce lost and found belongings.
o	A tool to ascertain your current year’s Invoice.

Notes:
-Reception staff are qualified to help you use Alyarz App. 

I- Activating Club Access
Within 2 working days of settling your operational expenses 
and presenting the required documents,
your digital cards and complimentary invitations will be transferred 
to your personal profile on Alyarz Mobile App.
Fingerprint Access will be activated.

J- Car Park Access
A PLATE NUMBER READER will automatically open the gate for Members who have registered their vehicles and paid their fees. 
Other cars, if allowed into the parking, will pay the applicable fee.

 













