
IMPORTANT INFORMATION

1.	INTRODUCTION
2.	FEES and CURRENCY
3.	PAYMENTS MODES 
4.	FAMILY-PLUS SUBSCRIPTION
5.	MEMBERSHIP DEACTIVATION
6.	INVITATIONS
7.	ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
8.	CLUB ACCESSS ACTIVATION
9.	ALYARZ MOBILE APPLICATION


1. INTRODUCTION
This year, we have brought in changes that offer more freedom in selecting who, from your family, joins your Membership. We have also introduced a new subscription plan, named Family-Plus, dedicated to persons you wish to access the Club, despite them being non-members. We hope you find these changes useful.    
Below is how Operating Expenses are now calculated and paid.

2. FEES and CURRENCY, excluding VAT 
Payments will be in USD banknotes. 
In implementation of the finance minister’s decision no.114, dated 15/1/2021, invoices will be issued in LBP, and VAT paid in LBP, according to the current market rate. For the sake of convenience, amounts of up to $49 may be paid in LBP banknotes. 

a- RESIDENT MEMBERSHIP
	USD
First person:	1,200
Additional family member:	200
Sixth person & above:	0
Children under five:	0

b- NON-RESIDENT MEMBERSHIP

	USD
First person:	800
Additional family member:	150
Sixth person & above:	0
Children under five:	0

c- FAMILY-PLUS SUBSCRIPTION
A new subscription plan, linked to your Membership and dedicated to non-family Members. The plan is applicable to Resident and Non-Resident members.
Please find below relevant fees and conditions.

	USD
Spouses’ parent:               	$450
Living-in relative:               	$450
Children’s caregiver:       	$450
Single friend:                     	$800
Accompanying caregiver*:	$0

*To help disabled persons or supervise children when no parent
or guardian can be present, without using Club facilities.  

d- DEACTIVATED MEMBEFRSHIP

$500, for both Resident and Non-Resident Memberships. 


3. PAYMENTS MODES 

a- RESIDENT MEMBERS
o	Full payment: before 15 January 2023 carries 3% discount.
o	Two equal payments: half before 15 January 2023 and half before 15 March 2023 carry 4 additional invitations. 
o	Up to 7 payments: down Payment and up to 6 equal monthly instalments starting before 15 January 2023 and not exceeding 30 July 2023.

Notes:

Membership deactivation: Memberships will be automatically deactivated for a $500 fee, and Club access denied if payment is not received by 31January 2023. 
Part payment: We apologize for not accepting part payments on agreed instalments.
Missed Instalment: Club access will be automatically denied, without prior notice, 10 working days after the 1st missed instalment.
Unpaid Balances: Balances remaining after 30 July 2023 will be automatically charged $50 
for the first month and $20 for every additional month the balance remains unpaid.

b- NON-RESIDENT MEMBERS
o	One payment before 31 March 2023 carries 3% discount.  
o	If full payment is not received by 31 August 2023, or at first access before that date, the Membership will be deactivated.
c- FAMILY-PLUS SUBSCRIPTION
o	Full fee is paid upon approval. 
d- MEMBERSHIP DEACTIVATION
o	Resident Members: by 31 January 2023. 
o	Non-Resident Members: by 31 August 2023. 

4. FAMILY-PLUS REGULATIONS

a-	Applicants are approved yearly by Management.
b-   Please click here: https://form.jotform.com/222264672249459 for the online application.
c-   Both Resident and Non-Resident members can benefit from this plan.
d-   Applicable fees must be paid in one payment.
e-   Members of deactivated Memberships cannot benefit from Family-Plus.
f-    Family-Plus subscribers can benefit from the gratis invitations offered to the Membership    
they are linked to, through an email request sent by the Membership holder to: operationalexpenses@alyarzclub.com
g-   Family-Plus subscribers can invite guests upon payment of applicable fees.  
h-   Eligible applicants are spouse’s parents, living-in relatives, single friends, special needs  
       caregivers, and nannies.  
i-    Management decision will be communicated within 10 working days from receiving the E-
      application. 

5. MEMBERSHIP DEACTIVATION 
a-	Memberships are automatically deactivated for a fee if operating expenses are not received as follows:
Before 31 January 2023 for Resident Members, and 
Before 31 August 2023, or at first access before that date, for non-resident members.
b-	Memberships cannot be deactivated for part of the year.
c-	Deactivated Memberships are not subject to operating expenses.
d-	Please refer to “6-e”, below, for access of members belonging to deactivated Memberships.
e-	Previously deactivated Memberships can benefit from the deactivation fee which applies for the current year, subject to Management agreement. 
f-	Memberships are reactivated upon full payment of the yearly fee.

6. INVITATIONS

In the best interest of Club members, Invitations may be restricted or altogether cancelled 
at short notice. Such changes will be communicated via Mobile App. We advise you to check your App before making the trip to the Club.

GRATIS INVITATIONS
Upon payment of operational expenses, 20 invitations will be created on your mobile app.
These are valid until 31 January 2024, except for Fridays, Saturdays, Sundays, and official holidays, between 1 June and 31 August, inclusive. 

Notes:
a-	Members must be present upon their guests' access, and during their whole stay at the Club.
b-	Guests must present Reception with proof of identity before accessing the club (ID - driving permit - passport).
c-	Guests under three years are exempt from paying an entrance fee.
d-	Sunday guests are welcome upon the presentation of 2 gratis invitations or payment of applicable fee. 
e-	Members belonging to deactivated Memberships and those who have been excluded by the Membership Holder, may access the Club as guests, subject to the restrictions mentioned in this section, upon presenting 2 gratis invitations or paying the applicable fee.

7. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

a- CHANGES IN FAMILY STATUS: Members must inform the Club and present supporting documents as soon as the change takes place. 
b- CAR PARK ACCESS: The car park gate will automatically open to members with registered cars. Unregistered cars can park subject to a fee.

8. CLUB ACCESS ACTIVATION
Following are the steps that precede your entry to the Club. 
a-	Full Payment -or payment on account- of 2023 expenses before 31 January 2023.
b-	Presentation of passport size photos taken within the last 6 months (can be uploaded on Mobile App).
c-	Photocopies of both sides of car ownership title -for unregistered cars (can be uploaded on Mobile App).
d-	An original family record extract, not older than 12 months (if requested).

9. ALYARZ MOBILE APPLICATION
Our bespoke Mobile App is the principal tool Alyarz Management has chosen to communicate with Members. Downloading it is essential. Please click one of the following links:

Android :  https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.weformedia.alyarz
IOS: https://apps.apple.com/us/app/alyarz-leisure-club/id1455983839

Reception staff are qualified to guide you through the App. 


*****

We thank you for your loyalty and wish you a good year ahead!
