Operational Expenses:
2006:
COMPLIMENTARY ACTIVITIES 
FOR CHILDREN 5 to 12
Dear Member,
In order to encourage young Members to partake 
in Club activities and integrate in their peer groups, Alyarz is offering the following social and sporting activities at no more than a small commitment fee of    LL 5000 per month.
Teen Jazz 			with Dona Khater   

Gymnastics 			with Roger Maalouf

Judo 				with Jade Fadel

Taekewando 			with Emile Lahoud 

Ballet 				with Berth Njeim 

Swimming Classes (fee?)	with Alain Merheb 

Paint Brush (2) (fee?)	with Tournesol Team(1) 

Weekly Movie (3)		with Tournesol Team 


Notes

Tournesol is our new state of the Art Nursery (Garderie), run by Miss Lamia Fakhry. 

Paint Brush is a Drawing / Fun Class where children are encouraged to express their 

There will be no charge for The Weekly Children Movie séances held at the Projection Room and supervised by a Member of Tournesol Staff. 

To ensure the success of this pilot scheme, please remember how important it is to be punctual for the sessions and respect Monitor instructions.

Activity Timing, Venue and Instructor, may change without reason given. The Club will introduce new classes or cancel existing ones subject to its perception of Members’ needs.

Beware of concurrent activities should swim / watch movie/ draw. One sport and one social at least
Children to have a complete programme at the Club.
Cinema specialised movies (Dr walid abouhamad) free supervised 
Flashback /// on the agenda


MAINTENANCE FEES INFORMATION 
FOR THE YEAR 2006
Dear Member,
As Alyarz -and Lebanon- look forward to a new and exciting 2006, we extend to all of you our warmest wishes for a wonderful and successful year, hoping that many of your happy moments will be spent here at the Club.
Please find below your maintenance fees charge for 2006. Your invoice will be issued upon settlement.
Blank area for programme input
Fees are subject to 10% VAT	 
Half of the amount due must be settled before end January 2006.
The remaining half must be settled by 30 April 2006.
Full payment before 31 January 2006 carries 5% discount 
on the total amount.Failure to settle maintenance fees by their due dates will cause Club access to be denied. Access will only be restored upon settlement of the amount due along with applicable bank interest up to the date of settlement.
Administration 



MAINTENANCE FEES INFORMATION
Dear Member,
As Alyarz –-and Lebanon- look  forward to a new and exiting 2006, we extend to all of you our warmest wishes for a wonderful and successful year, hoping that many of your happy moments will be spent here at the Club.
Sunday Boom!
Sundays at Alyarz will never be the same again. As Club children aged 4 to 16 will be taken over by …. Please see enclosed leaflet. 
3-Maintenance Fees and Club Usage
Maintenance Fees represent the costs incurred by the Club for keeping its extensive facilities operational and ready for use by Members. These fees, incurred regardless, are totally independent of the frequency of usage of Club facilities by a particular Member. 
4-Club Access Reminder
In order to maintain the private aspect of your Club and further safety and security, we remind you that it is imperative for all Members to present a valid Membership Card and display a valid car vignette upon each and every access to the Club. We also remind you that Guests must be accompanied by the inviting Member upon accessing the Club. Security is instructed to refuse entry to Members who do not present a valid entry card.
1- 2006 Maintenance Fees FOR Resident Members 
Standing Charge 	(6)		528 48
26 and over		(2)		176 16
16 to 26 			(1.5)	124 88  
5  to 15			(1)	 	88
0  to 4 				  	00		
Your invoice will be issued upon payment
2-Payment Option
Two payment options are available:
1.	Full payment before 31 January 2006: This option carries 10% discount.  
2.	Two payments: the 1st before 31 January and the 2nd before 31 May 2006. 
Failure to settle maintenance fees by their due dates will cause Club access to be denied. Access will be restored upon settlement of the amount due along with applicable bank interest up to the date of settlement.

Thank God 
It’s Sunday!!!
@ Alyarz
Alyarz is introducing Thank God It’s Sunday!!!  
where children aged 4 to 12 can enjoy
a variety of thrilling social, artistic and 
sporting activities, fully monitored by professionals, 
every Sunday, at absolutely no extra charge.
We believe this project will also encourage our young to integrate
in their peer groups while having loads of fun.
People
Persons involved in the project include
Lamia Fakhry and the Exciting Tournesol Team
Jade Fadel Black Dan in …..
Dona Khater
Johnny Holiday f….. Swimming
Menu
Activities include  
Gymnastics, Teen Jazz, Swimming, Group Games, 
Painting and a Sunday Movie

•	Invoice: $
•	Rate $: 1507.5
•	Standing Charge: 528
•	Adult: 176
•	Adult  Non Resident (NR): 44
•	Child: 88
•	Child Non Resident (NR): 22
•	Full Family Abroad (FFA): 0





