Operational Expenses:
2009:
IMPORTANT  INFORMATION
Modes of Settlement of Maintenance Fees
Standard: half before end January and half before end April 2009.
Full Settlement: full payment before end January 2009 carries 5% discount.
Credit: 9 months credit is available, subject to bank domiciliation, and the settlement of 30% of the invoice total before end January 2009.
Fees Increase
o	The increase in fuel costs between 2007 and 2008 was 65%; 
the Ton of fuel averaged $565 in 2007 and $931 in the 10 months to end October 08. 
o	New labour laws affecting salaries, transportation and social security enrolments for Lebanese and foreign staff are likely to increase the Club’s human resources bill by as much as 30%. 
o	Most expenditure items like lubricating oils, plumbing and electrical supplies and equipment, filters and toiletries, etc… have been subject to substantial increases. 
o	Your 2009 Fees have gone up by just 10%, in the hope that fuel prices, amongst others, will stabilize during the coming year.  	Administration Charge
To cover the cost of recovering unpaid amounts, an administration charge will apply to overdue accounts.
 Complimentary Invitations
20 complimentary invitations will be issued per Membership. These are valid for the whole of 2009 EXCEPT for the peak period of 15 June to 31 July. 
Changes in Family Status
Changes in family status must be communicated to the Club by 15 December 2008, at the latest, in order to be reflected in 2009 fees.
Non-Residents
Proof of non-residence is required in order to benefit from non-resident status. 
Fourth Child 
Families with 4 or more paying children are only charged for the 3 eldest. 
Guests
We remind you that Members must be present upon the access of their Guests and during their whole stay at the Club. We also remind you that the same Guest may not access the Club more than twice in any one week. 
Photos
Members under 20 years of age are required to provide the Club with recent colored passport-size photos. 

NEWS  LETTER
Even more to enjoy at Alyarz in 2009
	NEW ENTRANCE
All with valet parking, lobby and fireplace; the opening of the new entrance will be announced very soon.
	FOOD & BEVERAGE
ALYARZ welcomes JOE KARAM, and sincerely thanks AGAPE for years of dedicated service as the Club’s F&B operator.
       GRILL HOUSE
A new lounge restaurant will open this January at the Club. The menu will consist of a choice of delicious salads, sauces and grills prepared and cooked under your eyesight. 
	SUNDAY BUFFET
The Buffet will take place every Sunday at Christopher Hall, level 1. Details will be announced shortly by SMS.
	GYMNASIUM
New Cybex Arc Trainers and mirror walls to follow your progress. Please ask the Gym manager for your personalized training program. 
	HYDRO MASSAGE
Relieve stress, muscular pain, tension and increase blood circulation with our new Hydro-Massage oxygenated jets, now available at the indoor pool.
	LEBANON DANCE ACADEMY
We are happy to announce that the LDA is now offering dance classes at the Club. Styles include Latino, Ballroom, Salsa and Hip Hop. The LDA will also be organizing special soirees for Club Members and their Guests.


•	Invoice: $
•	Rate $: 1507.5
•	Standing Charge: 770
•	Adult:290
•	Adult  Non Resident (NR): 73
•	Child: 97
•	Child Non Resident (NR): 24
•	Full Family Abroad (FFA): 770

