Operational Expenses:
2010
ALYARZ GUEST POLICY


Dear Member,
Alyarz welcomes your Guests to enjoy the facilities of the Club. Please find below the regulations that concern their access and stay at the Club. 
a.	The inviting Member must be present upon the Guest’s access and during his/her whole stay.
b.	Members must announce, in advance, to the Activity Desk (Reception), the names of Guests to the Club’s Food and Beverage facilities.
c.	Guests to Food and Beverage are welcome to the snack / restaurant and Clubhouse but may not use any other Club facility, and may not sit in the vicinity of the pools.
d.	Introducing Members have the duty to ensure their Guests comply with Club Rules.
We thank you for a strict observance of the above rules which have been established for your comfort and wish you a pleasant visit.
The Management

IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Thank you for carefully reading the following:
Modes of Settlement of Maintenance Fees
One Payment: full settlement before end January 2010 carries 5% discount.
Two Payments: half before end January and half before end April 2010.
Complimentary Invitations
20 complimentary invitations will be issued per Membership. These are valid for the whole of 2010, except for Fridays and Saturdays during the open Olympic pool season. Invitations that remain unused by 31 December 2009, may not be exchanged for new ones. 
Changes in Family Statu
Thank you for communicating any changes in your family status before 31st December 2009. 
Changes communicated after that date cannot be incorporated into your 2010 maintenance fees.
Non-Residents
Members continuously residing abroad for 9 months or more in the year, may apply 
for the non-resident status.
Fourth Child 
Families with 4 or more paying children will only be charged for the 3 eldest. 
Vignette
Your car vignette is also your car park permit. Please ensure your 2010 vignette 
is clearly displayed on the left hand side of your car’s windscreen.
Photos
We kindly remind Members who have not presented recent photos during 2008, 
to do so before 31/12/2009. 
Guests
We remind you that Members must be present upon the access of their Guests, and during 
their whole stay at the Club. We also remind you that the same Guest may not access the Club 
more than twice in any one week. 

•	Invoice: $
•	Rate $: 1507.5
•	Standing Charge: 770
•	Adult:290
•	Adult  Non Resident (NR): 73
•	Child: 97
•	Child Non Resident (NR): 24
•	Full Family Abroad (FFA): 770
