
IMPORTANT  INFORMATION  2015

Thank you for carefully reading the following:

Modes of Settlement of Operational Expenses
1.	One payment:	full settlement before 31 January 2015 carries 5% discount.
2.	Two payments:	half before 15 February and half before 15 May 2015.
3.	Six monthly installments, starting before 15 February 2015. 

Non-commitment
1.	Non-commitment to one of the modes of payments above, before 15 February 2015, will lead
to the suspension of the right of Club entry and the automatic application of a penalty of $50.
2.	A penalty of $15 will be added to any payment which is not received on its due date.

Changes in Calculating Individual Rates
Members aged 5 and above will pay the same rate. 

Non-Resident Members
The Club assumes, to start with, that all family Members are residents of Lebanon, and issues the attached pre-invoice accordingly. Members living abroad for 9 months or more per year will need to present, before 31 December 2014, valid proof of non-residence in order to benefit from the applicable non-resident discount.

Credit Card Convenience Fee
The Club will accept settlement of operational expenses via credit card subject to the payment of the applicable commission fee. 

Membership Cards 
The presentation of a valid Membership Card is essential for Club entry. Cards are delivered upon the settlement of operational expenses and the presentation of new photos. 

Complimentary Invitations
20 invitations, valid to 31 January 2016, are offered by the Club. 
Complimentary invitations are NOT valid on Fridays, Saturdays & Sundays during June & July.
Invitations may not be exchanged, transferred, or replaced if lost. 

Car Sticker (Vignette)
Your car sticker is your car park pass. Cars with no valid vignette will pay a parking fee.
Make sure to display it on the left hand side of the windscreen.

Changes in Family Status
Changes in family status must be communicated, along with relevant documents, before 31/12/2014.

Fourth Child
Families are only charged for the 3 eldest children. 

Guests
Inviting Member must be present during Guest’s access and his/her whole stay at the Club.
Guests may not visit Club more than twice per week. 



