IMPORTANT  INFORMATION  2016

Thank you for carefully reading the following:

Modes of Settlement of Operational Expenses
1.	One payment:  full settlement before 31 January 2016 carries 5% discount.
2.	Two payments:  half before 15 February and half before 15 May 2016.
3.	Monthly instalments:  an agreed mode of payment, starting before 15/2/16. 
Non-commitment to one of the modes of payments above, before 15 February 2016, will lead to the suspension of the right of Club entry and the automatic application of a penalty of $100.

Non-Resident Members
All Members are assumed to reside in Lebanon, and invoiced accordingly. Members living abroad for 9 months or more per year will benefit from a non-resident discount. Supporting documents must be presented before 31 December 2015.

Credit Card Convenience Fee
The Club will accept settlement of operational expenses via credit card subject to the payment of the applicable commission fee. 

Membership Cards 
The presentation of a valid Membership Card is essential for Club entry. Cards are delivered upon the settlement of operational expenses and the presentation of new photos. 

Complimentary Invitations
The complimentary invitations offered by the Club are valid from 1 January 2016 to 31 January 2017, EXCEPT for Fridays, Saturdays & Sundays during June & July. Invitations may not be exchanged, transferred to another Member, or replaced if lost. 

Car Sticker (Vignette)
Free use of the indoor car park is strictly restricted to Members’ cars displaying a 2016 vignette on the left hand side of the windscreen. Cars with no valid vignette will pay a parking fee.

Changes in Family Status
Changes in family status must be communicated, along with supporting documents, before 31 December 2015.

Fourth Child
Families are only charged for the 3 eldest children. 

Guests
Member must be present during Guest’s access and his/her whole stay at the Club.
Guests may not visit the Club more than twice per week. 



